12/06
every year because when it was built, engineers failed to take into account the weight of all the books that would occupy the building. The electric chair was invented by a dentist
King Tut's tomb contained four coffins. The third coffin was made from 2,500 pounds of gold. And in today's market is worth approximately $13,000,000. The very first enclosed shopping mall was and is Valley Faire in Appleton, Wisconsin. Not in Minnesota as most people believe. 
Appleton is also famous for being the birth place of Harry Houdini and the first city in America to use Hydro-electric power in homes Marco Polo was born on the Croatian island of Korcula (pronounced Kor-Chu-La). Karl Marx was targeted for assassination when he met with two Prussian officers in his house in Cologne in 1848.
Marx had friends among the German labor unions, and he was considered a threat to the autocrats. Dressed in his bathrobe, he forced the officers out at the point of a revolver, which, it turned out, was not loadedIn 1878 Wanamaker's of Philadelphia was the first U.S. department store to install electric lighting.
Playing cards were issued to British pilots in WWII. If captured, they could be soaked in water and unfolded to reveal a map for escape. The first telephone book ever issued contained only fifty names. 
It was published in New Haven, Connecticut, by the New Haven District Telephone Company in February, 1878A girl, in the Vacococha tribe of Peru, to prepare her for marriage at the age of 12, is placed in a basket in the hut of her prospective in-laws and must remain suspended over an open fire night and day for 3 months. 
The Spanish Inquisition once condemned the entire Netherlands to death for heresy. During the eighteenth century, books that were considered offensive were sometimes punished by being whippedFound on the instruction sheet of a Conair Pro Style 1600 hair dryer: "WARNING: Do not use in shower. Never use while sleeping.
" Found on Bat Man The Animated Series Armor Set Halloween costume box: "PARENT: Please exercise caution, mask and chest plate are not protective; cape does not enable wearer to fly." Found in a television set's owner's manual: "Do not pour liquids into your television setThe mythical Scottish town of Brigadoon appears for one day every 100 years. January named after the Roman god Janus. 
Influenza got its name from the fact that people believed the disease was because of the evil "influence" of stars. During the middle ages, it was widely believed that men had one less rib than women. This is because of the story in the Bible that Eve had been created out of Adam's ribn 1974 there were 90 tornadoes in the U.S. in one day. 
Satirist Jonathan Swift suggested in his essay "A Modest Proposal" that the children of the poor be sold as food to feed the rich. This shocking essay is one of the best examples of satire you'll find. Akhbar the Great Mughal routed the Hindus under Hemu by turning their elephants against them at the battle of Panipat in the Hindu revoltts of Alaska, it's illegal to feed alcohol to a moose. You're subject to fines and/or imprisonment for making "ugly faces" at dogs in Oklahoma. In Utah, birds have the right of way on all highways. 
Christmas was once illegal in England. In Turkey, in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries, anyone caught drinking coffee was put to death. It is illegal to hunt camels in the state of ArizonaThe human heart creates enough pressure when it pumps out to the body to squirt blood 30 feet. Bats always turn left when exiting a cave. 
Our eyes are always the same size from birth, but our nose and ears never stop growing. All polar bears are left-handed. A snail can sleep for three years. Elephants are the only animals that can't jump. Only one person in two billion will live to be 116 or olderChina was the first country to introduce paper money (in 812), but it wasn't until 1661 that a bank (Banco-Sedlar of Sweden) issued banknotes. 
If the arm of King Henry I of England had been 42 inches long, the unit of measure of a "foot" today would be fourteen inches. But his arm happened to be 36 inches long and he decreed that the "standard" foot should be one-third that length: 12 inchesour coffins. The third coffin was made from 2,500 pounds of gold. And in today's market is worth approximately $13,000,000. The very first enclosed 
shopping mall was and is Valley Faire in Appleton, Wisconsin. Not in Minnesota as most people believe. Appleton is also famous for being the birth place of Harry Houdini and the first city in America to use Hydro-electric power in homesd into the 79th floor of the Empire State Building on July 28, 1945. India tested its first nuclear bomb in 1974. After the great fire of Rome in A.D. 64, the emperor Nero 
ostensibly decided to lay the blame on Christians residing in the city of Rome. These he gathered together, crucified, covered in pitch (tar), and burnt alive. He walked around his gardens admiring the viewWhen Thomas Jefferson became U.S. President in 1801, 20 percent of all people in the young nation were slaves. Early Egyptians wore sandals made from woven papyrus leaves. The Marquis de Lafayette, 
America's Revolutionary War ally, named his only son George Washington Lafayette. Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels, the fathers of communism, wrote 500 articles for the "New York Tribune" from 1851 to 1862ox of Kellogg's Pop-Tarts: "Warning: Pastry Filling May Be Hot 
When Heated" Found on the instruction sheet of a Conair Pro Style 1600 hair dryer: "WARNING: Do not use in shower. Never use while sleeping." Found on Bat Man The Animated Series Armor Set Halloween costume box: "PARENT: Please exercise caution, mask and chest plate are not protective; cape does not enable wearer to fly.
12/07
Napoleon's nemesis, the Duke of Wellington, was an accomplished yo-yo player. At that time, the yo-yo was known as a "bandalore". When Thomas Jefferson became U.S. President in 1801, 20 percent of all people in the young nation were slaves. Early Egyptians wore sandals made from woven papyrus leaves. The Marquis de Lafayette, America's Revolutionary War ally, named his only son George Washington Lafayette
In 1893, Chicago hired its first police woman. Her name was Marie Owens. While the city was progressive in its hiring practices, Chicago's female police officers were not allowed to wear uniforms until 1956. In ancient times, any Japanese who tried to leave his homeland was summarily put to death. In the 1630's, a decree in Japan forbade the building of any large ocean-worthy ships to deter defection
Every 5 seconds a computer gets infected with a virus. 13% of Americans actually believe that some parts of the moon are made of cheese. The world's youngest parents were 8 and 9 and lived in China in 1910. If you could count the number of times a cricket chirps in one minute, divide by 2, add 9 and divide by 2 again, you would have the correct temperature in Celsius degrees... How do they know that
In 1974 there were 90 tornadoes in the U.S. in one day. Satirist Jonathan Swift suggested in his essay "A Modest Proposal" that the children of the poor be sold as food to feed the rich. This shocking essay is one of the best examples of satire you'll find. Akhbar the Great Mughal routed the Hindus under Hemu by turning their elephants against them at the battle of Panipat in the Hindu revolt
23% of all photocopier faults worldwide are caused by people sitting on them and photocopying their butts. In every episode of Seinfeld there is a Superman somewhere. If the government has no knowledge of aliens, then why does Title 14, Section 1211 of the Code of Federal Regulations, implemented on July 16, 1969, make it illegal for U.S. citizens to have any contact with extraterrestrials or their vehicles
In most American states, a wedding ring is exempt by law from inclusion among the assets in a bankruptcy estate. This means that a wedding ring cannot be seized by creditors, no matter how much the bankrupt person owes. In New York State, it is still illegal to shoot a rabbit from a moving trolley car. Vermont, Alaska, Hawaii, and Maine are the four states in the U.S. that do not allow billboards
DaVinci is best remembered as the painter of the Mona Lisa (1504) and The Last Supper (1495). But he's almost equally famous for his astonishing multiplicity of talents: he dabbled in architecture, sculpture, engineering, geology, hydraulics and the military arts, all with success, and in his spare time doodled parachutes and flying machines that resembled inventions of the 19th and 20th centuries
were first numbered in Paris in 1463. In Britain, numbering did not appear until 1708, on a street in London's Whitechapel area. In ancient Greece, courtesans wore sandals with nails studded into the sole so that their footprints would leave the message "Follow me". In 1937 the emergency 999 telephone service was established in London. More than 13,000 genuine calls were made in the first month
Napoleon's nemesis, the Duke of Wellington, was an accomplished yo-yo player. At that time, the yo-yo was known as a "bandalore". When Thomas Jefferson became U.S. President in 1801, 20 percent of all people in the young nation were slaves. Early Egyptians wore sandals made from woven papyrus leaves. The Marquis de Lafayette, America's Revolutionary War ally, named his only son George Washington Lafayette
The British once went to war over a sailor's ear. It happened in 1739, when Britain launched hostilities against Spain because a Spanish officer had supposedly sliced off the ear of a ship's captain named Robert Jenkins. Alexander Hamilton and his son, Philip, both died on the same spot, and both during duels. Philip went first, 3 years before his father would be killed in that same field by Aaron Burr
e were 90 tornadoes in the U.S. in one day. Satirist Jonathan Swift suggested in his essay "A Modest Proposal" that the children of the poor be sold as food to feed the rich. This shocking essay is one of the best examples of satire you'll find. Akhbar the Great Mughal routed the Hindus under Hemu by turning their elephants against them at the battle of Panipat in the Hindu revolt
e only planet that rotates clockwise. Charlie Chaplin once won third prize in a Charlie Chaplin look-alike contest. An old law in Bellingham, Washington, made it illegal for a woman to take more than three steps backwards while dancing! The glue on Israeli postage is certified kosher. The Guinness Book of Records holds the record for being the book most often stolen from public libraries
s worldwide are caused by people sitting on them and photocopying their butts. In every episode of Seinfeld there is a Superman somewhere. If the government has no knowledge of aliens, then why does Title 14, Section 1211 of the Code of Federal Regulations, implemented on July 16, 1969, make it illegal for U.S. citizens to have any contact with extraterrestrials or their vehicles
ou can pick your friends, you can pick your nose, but you can't pick your friends nose. Babies are born without knee caps. They don't appear until the child reaches 2-6 years of age. Modern records do not compare with that of St Simeon the younger called stylites a monk who spent the final 45 years of his life living at the top of a stone pillar on the hill of wonders near Antioch in Syria
On average, 100 people choke to death on ballpoint pens every year. Thirty-five percent of the people who use personal ads for dating are already married. The Main Library at Indiana University sinks over an inch every year because when it was built, engineers failed to take into account the weight of all the books that would occupy the building. The electric chair was invented by a dentist
12/08
The mythical Scottish town of Brigadoon appears for one day every 100 years. January named after the Roman god Janus. Influenza got its name from the fact that people believed the disease was because of the evil "influence" of stars. During the middle ages, it was widely believed that men had one less rib than women. This is because of the story in the Bible that Eve had been created out of Adam's rib
American Airlines saved $40,000 in 1987 by eliminating one olive from each salad served in first-class. Sticking your two middle fingers up dates back from the middle ages. When archers were caught they had their two middle fingers cut off so that they couldn't shoot any more arrows. So when an archer was shooting people he would stick his fingers up to say "look I still have them, hahaha"
When Thomas Jefferson became U.S. President in 1801, 20 percent of all people in the young nation were slaves. Early Egyptians wore sandals made from woven papyrus leaves. The Marquis de Lafayette, America's Revolutionary War ally, named his only son George Washington Lafayette. Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels, the fathers of communism, wrote 500 articles for the "New York Tribune" from 1851 to 1862
In 1893, Chicago hired its first police woman. Her name was Marie Owens. While the city was progressive in its hiring practices, Chicago's female police officers were not allowed to wear uniforms until 1956. In ancient times, any Japanese who tried to leave his homeland was summarily put to death. In the 1630's, a decree in Japan forbade the building of any large ocean-worthy ships to deter defection
Found on a box of Kellogg's Pop-Tarts: "Warning: Pastry Filling May Be Hot When Heated" Found on the instruction sheet of a Conair Pro Style 1600 hair dryer: "WARNING: Do not use in shower. Never use while sleeping." Found on Bat Man The Animated Series Armor Set Halloween costume box: "PARENT: Please exercise caution, mask and chest plate are not protective; cape does not enable wearer to fly
23% of all photocopier faults worldwide are caused by people sitting on them and photocopying their butts. In every episode of Seinfeld there is a Superman somewhere. If the government has no knowledge of aliens, then why does Title 14, Section 1211 of the Code of Federal Regulations, implemented on July 16, 1969, make it illegal for U.S. citizens to have any contact with extraterrestrials or their vehicles
Every 5 seconds a computer gets infected with a virus. 13% of Americans actually believe that some parts of the moon are made of cheese. The world's youngest parents were 8 and 9 and lived in China in 1910. If you could count the number of times a cricket chirps in one minute, divide by 2, add 9 and divide by 2 again, you would have the correct temperature in Celsius degrees... How do they know that
It's impossible to sneeze with your eyes open. The expression "to get fired" comes from long, long ago. When clans wanted to get rid of their unwanted people without killing them used to burn their houses down. The word 'corr' actually means 'odd' in Irish. Los Angeles' full name is "El Pueblo de Nuestra Senora la Reina de los Angeles de Porciuncula". In English this means 'The City of Angels'
It is legal in North Dakota to shoot an Indian on horseback, provided you are in a covered wagon. The mummified hand of a notary public, chopped off for falsely certifying a document, has been on display in the city hall of Munster, Germany, as a warning to other notaries for 400 years. The curtain or veil used by some Hindus and Moslems to seclude or hide their women from strangers is called a "purdah
It is legal in North Dakota to shoot an Indian on horseback, provided you are in a covered wagon. The mummified hand of a notary public, chopped off for falsely certifying a document, has been on display in the city hall of Munster, Germany, as a warning to other notaries for 400 years. The curtain or veil used by some Hindus and Moslems to seclude or hide their women from strangers is called a "purdah
It's impossible to sneeze with your eyes open. The expression "to get fired" comes from long, long ago. When clans wanted to get rid of their unwanted people without killing them used to burn their houses down. The word 'corr' actually means 'odd' in Irish. Los Angeles' full name is "El Pueblo de Nuestra Senora la Reina de los Angeles de Porciuncula". In English this means 'The City of Angels
In the Middle Ages, the highest court in France ordered the execution of a cow for injuring a human. A girl, in the Vacococha tribe of Peru, to prepare her for marriage at the age of 12, is placed in a basket in the hut of her prospective in-laws and must remain suspended over an open fire night and day for 3 months. The Spanish Inquisition once condemned the entire Netherlands to death for heresy
In Lehigh, Nebraska it's against the law to sell donut holes. Under the law of Mississippi, there's no such thing as a female Peeping Tom. Anti-modem laws restrict Internet access in the country of Burma. Illegal possession of a modem can lead to a prison term. Lawn darts are illegal in Canada. In Idaho a citizen is forbidden by law to give another citizen a box of candy that weighs more than 50 pounds
The human heart creates enough pressure when it pumps out to the body to squirt blood 30 feet. Bats always turn left when exiting a cave. Our eyes are always the same size from birth, but our nose and ears never stop growing. All polar bears are left-handed. A snail can sleep for three years. Elephants are the only animals that can't jump. Only one person in two billion will live to be 116 or older

